readme.md, before:

# Password Generator


## Second push

I decided to change up my code and write it out in a style that I felt more familiar with. The JavaScript feels really "wet" and in may cases I feel that a lot of the code could have been consolidated, I was just having a hard time remembering how.

At this point, I believe I have everything all dialed in to create a password based on their criteria, but for some reason I can't get the password to generate on screen. I am going to go back through my code and figure out how to display their password.


## First push

This is the first rendition of my password generator. Having missed
class on Monday after the long break, it was difficult to remember exactly HOW I would go about doing this. I will be working into the night to try to get this finished, but I wanted to at least submit something until I can get a more polished version to you guys.


### Thoughts

This project was definitely more difficult than the prior two, but I remember feeling the same way about HTML and CSS when I was submitting my first assignment and I feel much more comfortable with them now, so I know it is just a matter of those ABC's. 

This project and the week leading up to it has shown me some of the really neat things that we can do with JavaScript. Another neat bonus is that I can see where syntax and logic in JavaScript would be a fantastic way to get a taste of the same kinds of logical thinking that we will be needing as we move forward with the course. I am particularily excited about this because I want to try to make a very simple game, and the last week has shown me how something that we use in JavaScript would be just as useful when thinking in terms of game or app developement. 

But I digress. This is the first rendition of my password generator, more to come soon.

Commit message:

updated my readme for third push

readme.md, after:

# Password Generator

### Thoughts

This project was definitely more difficult than the prior two, but I remember feeling the same way about HTML and CSS when I was submitting my first assignment and I feel much more comfortable with them now, so I know it is just a matter of those ABC's. 

This project and the week leading up to it has shown me some of the really neat things that we can do with JavaScript. Another neat bonus is that I can see where syntax and logic in JavaScript would be a fantastic way to get a taste of the same kinds of logical thinking that we will be needing as we move forward with the course. I am particularily excited about this because I want to try to make a very simple game, and the last week has shown me how something that we use in JavaScript would be just as useful when thinking in terms of game or app developement. 

But I digress. What you have here is a password generator. A series of questions will pop up on screen, and it will isolate exactly what you what your password to consist of character wise, and how may characters you want it to be. Below this will be updates from each major push I have made to github. If the change wasn't major enough to include inside the readme, the comments on the repo will have a description of why I made my push.

Thanks again!

Jack Sorensen

## Third push

I had a moment when I was doing homework on the train where I realized where I was going wrong. I decided that I was going to rewrite my code AGAIN in a way that I felt was a little more clear, compact, and concise.

 As of this push, I have figured out how to take the user input and add that to the array that stores the password characters. I also began adding the prompt for "password length" and am currently working to get that prompt to function properly. In this case, the prompt that asks for password length functions partially. It will pop up and ask password length, and when the user makes a selection it moves onto the next phase of password generation. I need to confirm that the user entered the correct criteria (integers in this case) and then turn whatever the user inputs in the passworld length prompt into an integer, so long as they used the correct criteria. 

The last bit I need to add would be a display on screen that shows the password that is generated from the users selection. We are getting there!


## Second push

I decided to change up my code and write it out in a style that I felt more familiar with. The JavaScript feels really "wet" and in may cases I feel that a lot of the code could have been consolidated, I was just having a hard time remembering how.

At this point, I believe I have everything all dialed in to create a password based on their criteria, but for some reason I can't get the password to generate on screen. I am going to go back through my code and figure out how to display their password.


## First push

This is the first rendition of my password generator. Having missed
class on Monday after the long break, it was difficult to remember exactly HOW I would go about doing this. I will be working into the night to try to get this finished, but I wanted to at least submit something until I can get a more polished version to you guys.
